[Validator] Add the `format` option to the `Ulid` constraint to allow accepting different ULID formats (#57438)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Validator/CHANGELOG.md

 * Make `PasswordStrengthValidator::estimateStrength()` public
 * Add the `Yaml` constraint for validating YAML content

>  * Add `Ulid::FORMAT_BASE_32` and `Ulid::FORMAT_BASE_58` to the `Uuid` constraint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add the `format` option to the `Uuid` constraint to allow accepting different ULID formats
```

>  * Add the `format` option to the `Uuid` constraint to allow accepting different ULID formats

Reviewer 2: (please rebase also)
```suggestion
 * Add the `format` option to the `Ulid` constraint to allow accepting different ULID formats
```

Author: Indeed!
